docs: add Bonsai Eth examples (#1127)
risc0/risc0: website/api_versioned_docs/version-0.19/bonsai/rest-api.md

# REST API

In its current form, Bonsai is available as REST API which parallelizes proving for individual proofs across a number of GPU workers to maximize performance.

To request an API key, complete the application form at [bonsai.xyz/apply](https://bonsai.xyz/apply).

## Key Features

### STARK To SNARK

> While STARK proofs, like the ones that are generated by the zkVM, offer a number of advantages over SNARKs, they're notoriosly big and computationally intensive to verify on-chain. Bonsai offers the best of both worlds by wrapping zkVM STARKs in circom Groth16 SNARKs for easy and gas-efficient on-chain verification. Check out how do this with the [Bonsai Rust SDK](https://github.com/risc0/risc0/tree/main/bonsai/sdk#stark-to-snark) or directly [via the API](https://api.bonsai.xyz/swagger-ui/#/snark/route_snark_create).

Reviewer: It'd be nice to move the links down to the bottom so it's easier to review.

```suggestion
While STARK proofs, like the ones that are generated by the zkVM, offer a number of advantages over SNARKs, they're notoriosly big and computationally intensive to verify on-chain. Bonsai offers the best of both worlds by wrapping zkVM STARKs in circom Groth16 SNARKs for easy and gas-efficient on-chain verification. Check out how do this with the [Bonsai Rust SDK](https://github.com/risc0/risc0/tree/release-0.19/bonsai/sdk#stark-to-snark) or directly [via the API](https://api.bonsai.xyz/swagger-ui/#/snark/route_snark_create).
```
